
I'm trying to call the addLiquidity entrypoint of this contract , which is a copy of the Liquidity Baking CPMM contract, which is itself a copy of the Dexter contract. The original Dexter docs give an example of how to call the addLiquidity entrypoint , and I have been formatting my tezos-client command identically. However when I run that command I get an error telling me that the argument I have passed to the addLiquidity entrypoint is incorrect. This is confusing as I have formatted it the same way as the example in the docs. Here is the command I"m running: tezos-client transfer 10 from alice to KT1TxqZ8QtKvLu3V3JH7Gx58n7Co8pgtpQU5 --entrypoint 'addLiquidity' --arg 'Pair (Pair "tz1eYpX4e1nu7e3cvtF7UvKFqUvWDahte1ot" 0) (Pair 100 "2030-06-29T18:00:21Z")' --burn-cap 999 Here is the error I get: Invalid argument passed to contract KT1TxqZ8QtKvLu3V3JH7Gx58n7Co8pgtpQU5. At (unshown) location 0, value (Left (Left (Left (Pair (Pair "tz1eYpX4e1nu7e3cvtF7UvKFqUvWDahte1ot" 0) (Pair 100 "2030-06-29T18:00:21Z"))))) is invalid for type or (or (or (pair %addLiquidity (address %owner) (nat %minLqtMinted) (nat %maxTokensDeposited) (timestamp %deadline)) (unit %default)) (or (pair %removeLiquidity (address %to) (nat %lqtBurned) (mutez %minXtzWithdrawn) (nat %minTokensWithdrawn) (timestamp %deadline)) (pair %tokenToToken (address %outputDexterContract) (nat %minTokensBought) (address %to) (nat %tokensSold) (timestamp %deadline)))) (or (pair %tokenToXtz (address %to) (nat %tokensSold) (mutez %minXtzBought) (timestamp %deadline)) (pair %xtzToToken (address %to) (nat %minTokensBought) (timestamp %deadline))). At (unshown) location 0, value (Left (Left (Pair (Pair "tz1eYpX4e1nu7e3cvtF7UvKFqUvWDahte1ot" 0) (Pair 100 "2030-06-29T18:00:21Z")))) is invalid for type or (or (pair %addLiquidity (address %owner) (nat %minLqtMinted) (nat %maxTokensDeposited) (timestamp %deadline)) (unit %default)) (or (pair %removeLiquidity (address %to) (nat %lqtBurned) (mutez %minXtzWithdrawn) (nat %minTokensWithdrawn) (timestamp %deadline)) (pair %tokenToToken (address %outputDexterContract) (nat %minTokensBought) (address %to) (nat %tokensSold) (timestamp %deadline))). At (unshown) location 0, value (Left (Pair (Pair "tz1eYpX4e1nu7e3cvtF7UvKFqUvWDahte1ot" 0) (Pair 100 "2030-06-29T18:00:21Z"))) is invalid for type or (pair %addLiquidity (address %owner) (nat %minLqtMinted) (nat %maxTokensDeposited) (timestamp %deadline)) (unit %default). At (unshown) location 0, value (Pair (Pair "tz1eYpX4e1nu7e3cvtF7UvKFqUvWDahte1ot" 0) (Pair 100 "2030-06-29T18:00:21Z")) is invalid for type pair (address %owner) (nat %minLqtMinted) (nat %maxTokensDeposited) (timestamp %deadline). At (unshown) location 1, value (Pair "tz1eYpX4e1nu7e3cvtF7UvKFqUvWDahte1ot" 0) is invalid for type address. At (unshown) location 1, unexpected primitive, only a string or a byte sequence can be used here. Fatal error: transfer simulation failed
