
I'm trying to activate an account on alphanet using a public node. I can't do it via my local node because I run into this problem , which is probably related to this . So I decided to use a public node that is bootstrapped, like this: ./tezos-client -p PsddFKi32cMJ -A alphanet-node.tzscan.io -P 80 activate account testIdent with scripts/tz1cXy7wuoVoabWgG5kVxG25WdMttKyVv1yr.json -f However this hangs on Node is bootstrapped, ready for injecting operations. For a long time (about half an hour) and then fails with Error: Rpc request failed: - meth: POST - uri: http://alphanet-node.tzscan.io:80/chains/main/blocks/head/helpers/preapply/operations - error: Unexpected error 502: " \n \n\t \n\t\t \n\t\t ERROR: The requested URL could not be retrieved \n\t\t \n\t\t\t* {\n\t\t\t\tfont-family: verdana, sans-serif;\n\t\t\t}\n\t\t\tbody {\n\t\t\t\tmargin: 15px;\n\t\t\t}\n\t\t\t#content {\n\t\t\t\tfont-size: 12px;\n\t\t\t}\n\t\t\th1, h2 {\n\t\t\t\tmargin: 5px;\n\t\t\t}\n\t\t\th1 {\n\t\t\t\tfont-size: 21px;\n\t\t\t}\n\t\t\th2 {\n\t\t\t\tfont-size: 18px;\n\t\t\t}\n\t\t \n\t \n\t \n\t\t \n\t\t\t Error \n\t\t\t The requested URL could not be retrieved \n\t\t \n\t\t \n\t\t \n\t\t\t Error: There was an error when connecting to the website \n\t\t\t Why you are seeing this: \n\t\t\tYou are seeing this error because the web filter could not complete the request.\n\t\t\t \n\t\t\t Possible reasons could be: \n\t\t\t \n\t\t\t\t The web server is overloaded. Please try again later. \n\t\t\t\t There might be a problem with cookies. Please ensure your browser is enabled\n\t\t\t\tto store cookies for this site, clear your browser cache and try again. \n\t\t\t \n\t\t\t \n\t\t\t If this problem persists, please ask your administrator to: \n\t\t\t \n\t\t\t\t Check the site is working - the website may be overloaded. \n\t\t\t\t Change how your browser handles 3rd party cookies. Your administrator may\n\t\t\t\tneed you to clear your cache and disable caching of 3rd party cookies. \n\t\t\t \n\t\t\t \n\t\t \n\t\t \n\t \n \n"
