
let me preface this by saying that I'm using a public node. It's fully bootstrapped and up to date, and I followed these instructions to check. I'm trying to call the mintOrBurn function of this Granadanet contract . If I look at the contracts received operations, I see my operation, oozff1hNb5dJZE8mmXHgLbcDQrJfeQf5PZWTrf2Wgu9xdY5bgU1 . In tzkt.io it says 'applied' , but I realize that what the explorer considers applied vs what my local tezos-client considers applied is most likely different. Here is the command I ran via the tezos-client: tezos-client transfer 0 from tzBTC_admin to KT1VqarPDicMFn1ejmQqqshUkUXTCTXwmkCN \ --entrypoint mintOrBurn \ --arg 'Pair 100000000 "tz1eYpX4e1nu7e3cvtF7UvKFqUvWDahte1ot"' \ --burn-cap 999 After executing that command, I'm stuck looking/waiting on a message in the CLI telling me "Waiting for the operation to be included...". Here is the full output from that command: Warning: This is NOT the Tezos Mainnet. Do NOT use your fundraiser keys on this network. Waiting for the node to be bootstrapped... Current head: BLjcJEymSnzY (timestamp: 2021-07-24T14:10:57.000-00:00, validation: 2021-07-24T14:11:26.135-00:00) Node is bootstrapped. Estimated gas: 3609.785 units (will add 100 for safety) Estimated storage: no bytes added Operation successfully injected in the node. Operation hash is 'oozff1hNb5dJZE8mmXHgLbcDQrJfeQf5PZWTrf2Wgu9xdY5bgU1' Waiting for the operation to be included... How long should I expect to wait when I see this message? I suspect I am waiting for a certain number of confirmations for the block. If so, how many confirmations does the tezos-client (or is it my node?) wait for by default?
