
I've previously setup masternodes and non-minting nodes and I want to setup a baking node. I have all the prerequisites ready to start a baking mainnet node, but I'm not comfortable on going ahead because I don't fully understand all the pieces of the tutorials when reading them top to bottom. So I was hoping I could walkthrough what I think is this most up to date guide and pose questions regarding some of the steps. Premise I have a TZ1 account with the necessary funds to start a baking operation. Let's assume for a second I've used TezBox to hold these funds. I also have a Ubuntu Server ready to go. I will be following https://medium.com/@tezbaker.io/tezos-mainnet-setting-up-home-baking-4bf258a9fd30 Node Setup I get all the linux and build steps in that guide above. My questions start on the actual Tezos setup ./tezos-node identity generate What identity is this? Are we generating an address (wallet?) for the baker? Since a baker has to hold 8.25% of the funds this is the address that I would assume the baker funds have to sent to. Unless there's a special type of delegate that is considered the baker and then you could sort that out with smart contracts without actually transfer of funds. Am I too off here? $ nohup ./tezos-node run --rpc-addr :8732 --log-output tezos.log & and $ ./tezos-baker-004-Pt24m4xi run with local node ~/.tezos-node $ ./tezos-accuser-004-Pt24m4xi run $ ./tezos-endorser-004-Pt24m4xi run Are these processes running in paralel, tezos-node and the other 3? I assume if the tezos-node is not running the others will obviouly not work properly. Correct? What address is the baking_address ? Is that the address generated in the identity generate step? Step: Generate a key with the alias my_account What is the purpose of these set of steps? Step: Create an originate contract for delegating This I think creates the address where others can delegate to. Correct? By the end of the tutorial I still have these questions: - There were no funds transferred to the baking address. How is the baker associated with the funds required for baking, especially the bond? I know it's quite a few questions, so thank you in an advance. Any help is much appreciated.
