
I'm currently having a problem with my node/ baker setup and I don't really know how to solve it. I know that the problem is of network nature, because the logs e.g. of the baker are saying that they can't access the node's RPC interface. I'm using the docker manager script. Sep 7 22:22:29.108 - 010-PtGRANAD.delegate.baking_forge: Rpc request failed: Sep 7 22:22:29.108 - 010-PtGRANAD.delegate.baking_forge: - meth: GET Sep 7 22:22:29.108 - 010-PtGRANAD.delegate.baking_forge: - uri: http://node:8732/chains/NetXdQprcVkpaWU/blocks/BM6Mmedf7QwBb7mu93F2THMGrjRP2krhHcphSzQicFugJUoDGsQ/helpers/baking_rights?level=1674533&delegate=tz1W18rF1o4xMakVyJaLtSNParJFtVcoTbUw&max_priority=128 Other containers also tell me the same story, they cant reach a certain endpoint. I've tried to change the config in the following ways -create special acl rules that specifically allow access to localhost -activate debug logging to see if the logs tell me something about a failed request -changed the listen addresses to localhost / 127.0.0.1, with / without the domain I've only found success to access the node's RPC interface by using the param --rpc-port in the manager script, but that only gave me access outside of the containers. One thing I was wondering about was, that the containers try to access the node by the DNS name "node" which was not resolvable on the host itself but I couldn't find a way to change this in the config. Every time I wrote a localhost address into the RPC listen key value pair it automatically removed the address on startup and only put the port in like ":8732" but that's probably because localhost is the default assumption. I'd really appreciate your help.
