
I am trying to broadcast a Tezos transaction on the Babylon testnet. I'm using an external military-grade hardware security module (HSM) located on a remote server. Its purpose is to never expose the private key to the outside, but it will sign payloads that I send to it and returns those to me. It uses the SECP256K1 elliptic curve methodology for signing and as such I have to use 'tz2' addresses, as they lie on the SECP256K1 curve. For building and transmitting the transaction I use the Taquito library. The address I'm trying to send from is: https://babylonnet.tzstats.com/tz2RzEYWusHfd1ZCrEKfMFPaL4pCaYV61eeL Its public key is: { x: 'da17e06b2c2be5cf311eb08061681864e13dafd4bac36ba659a3821a6805bf3c', y: '34182f94d154f0761d91712913cf317c0491219db7c986316fbaa28e56c9cbab' } Taquito allows you to implement your own Signer object: https://github.com/ecadlabs/taquito/blob/master/packages/taquito/src/signer/interface.ts . The custom signer connects to the HSM, the HSM signs the payload and returns a DER signature, and the custom signer adds the R and S of the DER signature to the payload in the 'sbytes' property used for broadcasting. Here is my custom Signer class and sign function (I left out the 3 other interface functions here). Most of it is just copied from the Taquito signer: https://github.com/ecadlabs/taquito/blob/master/packages/taquito-signer/src/taquito-signer.ts export class XtzCustomSigner implements Signer { async sign(bytes: string, watermark?: Uint8Array) { try { let bb = hex2buf(bytes); if (typeof watermark !== 'undefined') { bb = mergebuf(watermark, bb); } const payload: string = bufferToHexString(Buffer.from(bb)); await sodium.ready; const payloadHash = bufferToHexString(Buffer.from(sodium.crypto_generichash(32, payload))) // This line signs the payload with the HSM const signature = await this.hsmCommunicationService.requestSign(this.modelPortfolio, this.authKey, this.coinAccount, this._publicKey, payloadHash, this.derivationPath); // Get R + (canonical) S from signature const signatureBuffer = extractRSFromDERSignature(signature, true); const sbytes = bytes + buf2hex(signatureBuffer); const result = { bytes: undefined, sig: undefined, prefixSig: b58cencode(signatureBuffer, prefix[Prefix.SPSIG]), sbytes, }; return result; } catch (ex) { console.log(ex); throw ex; } } } This sign function is called by taquito automatically if the custom signer is passed into the Provider. The code that calls this signer: public async buildTransaction(input: ICoinTransactionInput): Promise { // Set up connection to Babylonnet using custom signer Tezos.setProvider({ rpc: 'https://api.tez.ie/rpc/babylonnet', signer: this.xtzCustomSigner }); // Modifies the custom signer with correct input credentials this.setData(input.senderCredentials, input.senderCoinAccount); const receivingAddress = 'tz2H81kw4NahMKoenoGSizWxes82B9PiLiyG'; // Here we get a fee estimate and the amount to transfer (in units of Tezos, so not the 10^-6 unit). const { amount, estimate } = await this.adjustTransactionAmountFee(input.amount, receivingAddress); // Here we do the transaction broadcasting let op: TransactionOperation; try { op = await Tezos.contract.transfer({ to: receivingAddress, amount, fee: estimate.suggestedFeeMutez, gasLimit: estimate.gasLimit, storageLimit: estimate.storageLimit, }); } catch (e) { console.log(e); } // Wait for at least 1 confirmation of the transaction const blockHeight = await op.confirmation(1); } Upon attempting to broadcast, Babylon returns the following error: HttpResponseError { message: 'Http error response: (500) [{"kind":"permanent","id":"proto.005-PsBabyM1.operation.invalid_signature"}]\n', status: 500, statusText: 'Internal Server Error', body: '[{"kind":"permanent","id":"proto.005-PsBabyM1.operation.invalid_signature"}]\n', name: 'HttpResponse' } So it says the signature is invalid. To rule some things out: I've implemented BTC and ETH transactions using the same signing function with the HSM. Signing and broadcasting works successfully for both coins. The HSM and the botan library that I use to verify the DER signature both don't throw an error, meaning that the public key is successfully used to verify the signature. I am aware of the prefixes that Tezos uses. For the SECP256K1 elliptic curve you need: 'tz2' prefix before a Tezos address (public key hash) 'sppk' prefix before a Tezos public key 'sig' prefix before the 'sig' property 'spsig' prefix before the 'prefixSig' property I use the same function to extract R and S from the signature that I use for BTC and ETH. For Tezos, I know that you need the 'Lower S' (canonical) form of the signature. Thus I add the following check if canonical is set to true: export const extractRSFromDERSignature = (signature: string, canonical: boolean = false): Buffer => { let R: string; let S: string; // ------------- // Here is standard code not relevant right now to get R and S from the DER signature // ------------- if (canonical) { const bnS = new BigNumber(S); // This is the order of the elliptic curve N const bnN = new BigNumber('FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFEBAAEDCE6AF48A03BBFD25E8CD0364141', 16); // if S > N / 2 if (bnS.isGreaterThan(bnN.div(new BigNumber(2)))) { // then S = N - S S = bnN.minus(bnS).toString(16); } const RS: string = R + S; return hexStringToBuffer(RS.toLowerCase()); } I used the Taquito default signer to successfully sign and broadcast from a 'tz1' address to 'tz2' addresses: https://babylonnet.tzstats.com/tz1NZuMdXsXhDQHVRX1yHEyViKrkYmKB5TPw . All I did was comment out my custom signer and use the default signer and it worked. I checked the signatures' format to compare: Signing with the taquito default signer (tz1 address, uses Edward's curve), 'sig' property is: sighWTZ1HNXf3u5BsmFvGfWrW3rQFMYbf3htFLXiftx5PM5CemciKG6DCchVP24sJuDB6MPv67VVwtPjYnHZG7uJXz34ej6e 'prefixSig' property is: edsighWTZ1HNXf3u5BsmFvGfWrW3rQFMYbf3htFLXiftx5PM5CemciKG6DCchVP24sJuDB6MPv67VVwtPjYnHZG7uJXz34ej6e Signing with my custom signer, 'sig' property is: sigsAujsNePapNNGsVotTvcKWMNNJja9B4a2FfAe8vExzFhEgEo1GTQStiif22uSA6iNxPGCGsXsRyeLHzeLbJL2y8CnYuNe 'prefixSig' property is: spsigsAujsNePapNNGsVotTvcKWMNNJja9B4a2FfAe8vExzFhEgEo1GTQStiif22uSA6iNxPGCGsXsRyeLHzeLbJL2y8CnYuNe The prefix is correct, the length is correct. Does anyone have an idea what the problem might be? Any tips on what parts of code I should check out to find the error?
