
Context of this question here . I want to create a wallet (by which I mean a tz1 address) using my Ledger Nano S. All I find online is how to create a wallet using software (e.g. Galleon Wallet) or web application (e.g. Tezbox). However, as I understand it, the whole point of a hardware-based wallet is that the keys are created and stay in the hardware. A key created via software can be intercepted or (more sinister) stored by the software or even sent to a third party. Now, when I initialised my Ledger, I did create the key (setting a PIN and then the 24-words security). So, in principle, the key is in the hardware. However, nothing assures me the key is not being seen by the software by which the wallet is created and linked to the Ledger. So, how can I create a wallet securely using the Ledger hardware? Perhaps using the CLI tezos-client ? (but the latter means I need to run a node?). UPDATE: As said above, I set up my ledger a few weeks ago, with the 24 recovery words and pin and all that. I had the impression I needed to create a tz1 address, which the answer by Blindripper suggested required running a node. I did not do that, and did not do anything else. Yet, a few days ago, I just connected my ledger to Galleon Wallet (with the option included in that software), and a tz1 address (public key) appeared in the ledger and the software. Was perhaps such address created when configuring the ledger? My ledger is legit. Bought it from the manufacturer. So it's unlikely it already came with an address.
