
I'd like to share a question that were being worked on Smartpy telegram, and also a few thoughts along the way (it's a long way -- random observation). Some people were talking about local variables and in the meanwhile I was working in a smart contract in which I'd like to insert a list within a map -- also retrieve it, modify it, etc. The only way I reached it was by declaring a list in the storage of the smart contract. Part of this question concerns some typos. Previous solution: self.init( map_example = sp.big_map(tkey=sp.TInt, tvalue=sp.TList(t=sp.TInt)), aux_list = sp.list(t=sp.TInt) ) @sp.entry_point def initialize(self, params): sp.for i in sp.range(1, 3): self.data.aux_list = [] sp.for k in sp.range(0, 8): self.data.aux_list.push(k) self.data.map_example[i] = self.data.aux_list ... With this typo it was possible to execute the procedure in mind. But how to insert a list within the map with a local list? I tryied: sp.for i in sp.range(1, 3): aux_list = [] sp.for k in sp.range(0, 8): aux_list.append(k) # .push(k) self.data.map_example[i] = aux_list With the help of @FFF ? (on telegram), we got to this example, which is interesting to observe the typo so you can handle local variables (notice the value? method/attribute). sp.for i in sp.range(1, 3): aux_list = sp.local('aux_list', []) sp.for k in sp.range(0, 8): aux_list.value.push(k) self.data.map_example[i] = aux_list.value Finally, a cleaner way to write it: sp.for i in sp.range(1, 3): self.data.map_example[i] = sp.range(0, 8) If someone has something to add, be my guest.
