
I have Alice and Bob both set as their own bakers, and I am trying to change this to have Bob delegate to Alice. I get an error when using tezos-client set delegate for bob to alice , I also tried to remove Bob's delegate, but I also get an error. Thanks for your help! ~$ tezos-client get delegate for alice Warning: This is NOT the Tezos Mainnet. Do NOT use your fundraiser keys on this network. tz1TB74aPtw2cAeuMaQeaSeLXFrKEXTWd4ts (known as alice) ~$ tezos-client get delegate for bob Warning: This is NOT the Tezos Mainnet. Do NOT use your fundraiser keys on this network. tz1VU1Vrpn33kJf9BVt8EB4jQZgQRuegnHEQ (known as bob) ~$ tezos-client set delegate for bob to alice Warning: This is NOT the Tezos Mainnet. Do NOT use your fundraiser keys on this network. Node is bootstrapped. This simulation failed: Manager signed operations: From: tz1VU1Vrpn33kJf9BVt8EB4jQZgQRuegnHEQ Fee to the baker: ꜩ0 Expected counter: 1397277 Gas limit: 1040000 Storage limit: 0 bytes Delegation: Contract: tz1VU1Vrpn33kJf9BVt8EB4jQZgQRuegnHEQ To: tz1TB74aPtw2cAeuMaQeaSeLXFrKEXTWd4ts This operation FAILED. Error: Delegate deletion is forbidden (tz1VU1Vrpn33kJf9BVt8EB4jQZgQRuegnHEQ) ~$ tezos-client withdraw delegate from bob Warning: This is NOT the Tezos Mainnet. Do NOT use your fundraiser keys on this network. Node is bootstrapped. This simulation failed: Manager signed operations: From: tz1VU1Vrpn33kJf9BVt8EB4jQZgQRuegnHEQ Fee to the baker: ꜩ0 Expected counter: 1397277 Gas limit: 1040000 Storage limit: 0 bytes Delegation: Contract: tz1VU1Vrpn33kJf9BVt8EB4jQZgQRuegnHEQ To: nobody This operation FAILED.
