
I'm trying to originate a contract in Tezos so I can test delegating to a baking account. I was able to do this before the upgrade to babylonnet, but now that a script is required for the contract, I'm having difficulty with the tezos-client method. For the body of the script, I took the contents of the file src/bin_client/test/contracts/entrypoints/manager.tz and replaced it in the position of the command. (Will include the gory details below.) The client returns saying that the simulation fails, but I'm not sure what to fix. Is there anything wrong in the script, or did I enter the command incorrectly? Thanks!! == The command and reply ... tezos@ip-10-0-51-4:~/source/tezos$ ./tezos-client -l originate contract bw_alphanet_customer_del transferring 16159 from bw_alphanet_customer running ' parameter (or (lambda %do unit (list operation)) (unit %default)); storage key_hash; code { UNPAIR ; IF_LEFT { # 'do' entrypoint # Assert no token was sent: # to send tokens, the default entry point should be used PUSH mutez 0 ; AMOUNT ; ASSERT_CMPEQ ; # Assert that the sender is the manager DUUP ; IMPLICIT_ACCOUNT ; ADDRESS ; SENDER ; ASSERT_CMPEQ ; # Execute the lambda argument UNIT ; EXEC ; PAIR ; } { # 'default' entrypoint DROP ; NIL operation ; PAIR ; } };' --delegate tz1bw1vPAQhAWkFWBD6naoS21GrVvrzhKy8G --burn-cap 0.257 0: :8732/network/version This is NOT the Tezos Mainnet. The node you are connecting to claims to be running on the Tezos Alphanet DEVELOPMENT NETWORK. Do NOT use your fundraiser keys on this network. Alphanet is a testing network, with free tokens. 1: /chains/main/blocks/head/protocols /chains/main/blocks/head/context/contracts/tz1Ux9UPkoVdwRVNJPzwtPsC4Rfm9ppTquxd/counter /chains/main/blocks/head/context/contracts/tz1Ux9UPkoVdwRVNJPzwtPsC4Rfm9ppTquxd/manager_key /monitor/bootstrapped /chains/main/blocks/head/context/constants /chains/main/blocks/head/hash /chains/main/chain_id /chains/main/chain_id /chains/main/blocks/head/helpers/scripts/run_operation { "operation": { "branch": "BMDKJ33KXKTQgthsCMeY4MEAunfnqKei4GZFcH3HSvk9zn7WZN9", "contents": [ { "kind": "reveal", "source": "tz1Ux9UPkoVdwRVNJPzwtPsC4Rfm9ppTquxd", "fee": "0", "counter": "80040", "gas_limit": "10000", "storage_limit": "0", "public_key": "edpkvUMdU2QD4PXJXeyCB3Hy9woa5onBc6dep1wSDXvQ3bfxnV3S5q" }, { "kind": "origination", "source": "tz1Ux9UPkoVdwRVNJPzwtPsC4Rfm9ppTquxd", "fee": "0", "counter": "80041", "gas_limit": "800000", "storage_limit": "60000", "balance": "16159000000", "delegate": "tz1bw1vPAQhAWkFWBD6naoS21GrVvrzhKy8G", "script": { "code": [ { "prim": "parameter", "args": [ { "prim": "or", "args": [ { "prim": "lambda", "args": [ { "prim": "unit" }, { "prim": "list", "args": [ { "prim": "operation" } ] } ], "annots": [ "%do" ] }, { "prim": "unit", "annots": [ "%default" ] } ] } ] }, { "prim": "storage", "args": [ { "prim": "key_hash" } ] }, { "prim": "code", "args": [ [ [ [ { "prim": "DUP" }, { "prim": "CAR" }, { "prim": "DIP", "args": [ [ { "prim": "CDR" } ] ] } ] ], { "prim": "IF_LEFT", "args": [ [ { "prim": "PUSH", "args": [ { "prim": "mutez" }, { "int": "0" } ] }, { "prim": "AMOUNT" }, [ [ { "prim": "COMPARE" }, { "prim": "EQ" } ], { "prim": "IF", "args": [ [], [ [ { "prim": "UNIT" }, { "prim": "FAILWITH" } ] ] ] } ], [ { "prim": "DIP", "args": [ [ { "prim": "DUP" } ] ] }, { "prim": "SWAP" } ], { "prim": "IMPLICIT_ACCOUNT" }, { "prim": "ADDRESS" }, { "prim": "SENDER" }, [ [ { "prim": "COMPARE" }, { "prim": "EQ" } ], { "prim": "IF", "args": [ [], [ [ { "prim": "UNIT" }, { "prim": "FAILWITH" } ] ] ] } ], { "prim": "UNIT" }, { "prim": "EXEC" }, { "prim": "PAIR" } ], [ { "prim": "DROP" }, { "prim": "NIL", "args": [ { "prim": "operation" } ] }, { "prim": "PAIR" } ] ] } ] ] } ], "storage": { "prim": "Unit" } } } ], "signature": "edsigtXomBKi5CTRf5cjATJWSyaRvhfYNHqSUGrn4SdbYRcGwQrUGjzEfQDTuqHhuA8b2d8NarZjz8TRf65WkpQmo423BtomS8Q" }, "chain_id": "NetXUdfLh6Gm88t" } Ill typed data: 1: Unit is not an expression of type key_hash At line 1 characters 0 to 4, value Unit is invalid for type key_hash. At line 1 characters 0 to 4, unexpected primitive, only a string or a byte sequence can be used here. Fatal error: origination simulation failed
