
I have been trying to start the ghostnet node using docker-compose but the node doesnot seem to sync with the latest height. when i query the head block, it returns the genesis block. Here is the config of the docker-compose file. I have not used the full history mode. I have been trying to use the rolling mode with history of only one epoch.. still the node doesnot sync. version: "3.4" volumes: node_data_full: name: ghostnet-node external: false client_data: name: ghostnet-client external: false services: #################################################################################################################################### # You have to uncomment this section if you want to synchronize your node using a snapshot, else you can ignore or delete it. # Replace /absolute/path/to/your_snapshot.full:/snapshot by the absolute path to the downloaded snapshot. ################################################################################################################################### # import: # image: tezos/tezos:latest # container_name: octez-snapshot-import # command: octez-snapshot-import # volumes: # - node_data_full:/var/run/tezos/node # - client_data:/var/run/tezos/client # - "/absolute/path/to/your_snapshot.full:/snapshot" ################################################################################################ # If you want to run a node with history-mode=full, keep that "node_full" part, else delete it. # You can change the version of the image of tezos in : image: tezos/tezos:v16.1 # You can change the --network=NETWORK option. ################################################################################################ node_full: container_name: octez-public-node-full image: tezos/tezos:latest command: octez-node --network ghostnet --net-addr :9732 --rpc-addr 127.0.0.1:8732 --rpc-addr 0.0.0.0:8732 --allow-all-rpc 0.0.0.0:8732 --history-mode=rolling:1 ports: - '9732:9732' - '8732:8732' expose: - "8732" - "9732" privileged: true volumes: - node_data_full:/var/run/tezos/node - client_data:/var/run/tezos/client - /dev/bus/usb:/dev/bus/usb restart: on-failure network_mode: "host"
