
In the Operations on bytes section of the Michelson white document, it is mentioned that: "PACK: Serializes a piece of data to its optimized binary representation." I am curious to know more details of how PACK and UNPACK are implemented and what the binary representation is. I have looked through the source code and there are not any many comments in the implementation. Edit: The details that user catsigma have given are very useful, but I would still like to be able to follow how serialization works in the source code and where the operation to binary code mappings come from. I found the interp function here and the implementation of Pack : src/proto_alpha/lib_protocol/src/script_interpreter.ml#L697 let rec interp = ... | Pack t, Item (value, rest) -> Script_ir_translator.pack_data ctxt t value >>=? fun (bytes, ctxt) -> logged_return (Item (bytes, rest), ctxt) pack_data is defined here: src/proto_alpha/lib_protocol/src/script_ir_translator.ml#L3162 let pack_data ctxt typ data = unparse_data ctxt Optimized typ data >>=? fun (data, ctxt) -> let unparsed = strip_annotations @@ data in let bytes = Data_encoding.Binary.to_bytes_exn expr_encoding (Micheline.strip_locations unparsed) in Lwt.return @@ Gas.consume ctxt (Script.serialized_cost bytes) >>=? fun ctxt -> let bytes = MBytes.concat "" [ MBytes.of_string "\005" ; bytes ] in Lwt.return @@ Gas.consume ctxt (Script.serialized_cost bytes) >>=? fun ctxt -> return (bytes, ctxt) Data_encoding.Binary.to_bytes_exn looks like the key function. src/lib_data_encoding/binary_writer.ml#L338 let to_bytes_exn e v = match Encoding.classify e with | `Fixed n -> begin (* Preallocate the complete buffer *) let state = { buffer = MBytes.create n ; offset = 0 ; allowed_bytes = Some n } in write_rec e state v ; state.buffer end | `Dynamic | `Variable -> (* Preallocate a minimal buffer and let's not hardcode a limit to its extension. *) let state = { buffer = MBytes.create 4096 ; offset = 0 ; allowed_bytes = None } in write_rec e state v ; MBytes.sub state.buffer 0 state.offset Now let's try to find what the encoding of False would be. Here is some more code reorganized src/lib_data_encoding/binary_writer.ml : let rec write_rec : type a. a Encoding.t -> state -> a -> unit = fun e state value -> let open Encoding in match e.encoding with | Bool -> Atom.bool state value ... module Atom = struct let bool state v = uint8 state (if v then 255 else 0) let uint8 = int `Uint8 let int kind state v = check_int_range (Binary_size.min_int kind) v (Binary_size.max_int kind) ; let ofs = state.offset in may_resize state (Binary_size.integer_to_size kind) ; set_int kind state.buffer ofs v let check_int_range min v max = if (v MBytes.set_int8 buffer ofs v end Now we need to find MBytes.set_int8 . I have only found the type signature file. src/lib_protocol_environment/sigs/v1/mBytes.mli mBytes looks like it is an external library but I haven't found the name. Also, I am not seeing how this matches up with the op_mapping as mentioned in tezbridge-crypto.
