
I'm trying to send a ballot operation with Taquito and Beacon SDK. Here's my code: const currentProposal: string = (await Tezos.rpc.getCurrentProposal())?.toString() || ""; const branch: string = await Tezos.rpc.getBlockHash(); const period: number = (await Tezos.rpc.getCurrentPeriod()).voting_period.index; const op = { "branch": branch, "contents": [ { "kind": TezosOperationType.BALLOT, "source": userAddress, "period": period, "proposal": currentProposal, "ballot": ballotValue } ] }; /* Values I got: branch: 'BLrLfk6Z3vXx3EzNjkFz4dQEzNKZ1AZTUv5ecw4AADvPjWFHkTS', contents: [ { kind: 'ballot', source: 'tz1...', period: 79, ballot: 'yay', proposal: 'PtKathmankSpLLDALzWw7CGD2j2MtyveTwboEYokqUCP4a1LxMg', }, */ const hash = await wallet.sendOperations([ op ]); I'm getting the following error, it seems coming from beacon-sdk: [PARAMETERS_INVALID_ERROR]:Some of the parameters you provided are invalid and the request could not be completed. Please check your inputs and try again. The pkh I use as source is not a delegate, so I'm expecting an error. More likely something like "no keys for the source contract tz1..." as with tezos-client submit ballot , not a format error. The target is to have to confirm the operation with connected Temple wallet. When I try it with a simple transaction operation, it's ok, so my wallet is well initialized. Is my operation not correctly formated ? Are Taquito or Beacon SDK suitable with ballot operation ? Or maybe Beacon SDK checks if phk is a delegate and returns this error if not ? I want to be sure of that before taking time necessary to create a private network to test delegates and votes.
