
I submitted a transaction like the following: ./tezos-client transfer 0 from tz1... to KT1... --fee 0 --force-low-fee Disclaimer: The Tezos network is a new blockchain technology. Users are solely responsible for any risks associated with usage of the Tezos network. Users should do their own research to determine if Tezos is the appropriate platform for their needs and should apply judgement and care in their network interactions. Node is bootstrapped, ready for injecting operations. Estimated gas: 13025 units (will add 100 for safety) Estimated storage: no bytes added Enter password for encrypted key: Operation successfully injected in the node. Operation hash is '$HASH' Waiting for the operation to be included... ^C ^C And I tried to cancel it with ^C because it was taking too long to be injected. Now I try the following transfer and it fails: ./tezos-client transfer 0.1 from tz1... to KT1... --burn-cap 0.257 Disclaimer: The Tezos network is a new blockchain technology. Users are solely responsible for any risks associated with usage of the Tezos network. Users should do their own research to determine if Tezos is the appropriate platform for their needs and should apply judgement and care in their network interactions. Node is bootstrapped, ready for injecting operations. Estimated gas: 33542 units (will add 100 for safety) Estimated storage: no bytes added Enter password for encrypted key: Unregistred error: { "kind": "generic", "error": "Error while applying operation $HASH:\nbranch refused (Error:\n Counter 1633007 already used for contract tz1... (expected 1633009)\n)" } Fatal error: transfer simulation failed So next I tried using "-C 1633009" since that is what was 'expected' but I get this error: ./tezos-client transfer 0.1 from tz1... to KT1... --burn-cap 0.257 -C 1633009 Disclaimer: The Tezos network is a new blockchain technology. Users are solely responsible for any risks associated with usage of the Tezos network. Users should do their own research to determine if Tezos is the appropriate platform for their needs and should apply judgement and care in their network interactions. Node is bootstrapped, ready for injecting operations. Counter 1633009 not yet reached for contract tz1... (expected 1633007) Fatal error: transfer simulation failed I appreciate any help. Thanks!
