
I am having a little bit of trouble with my node and would appreciate some help. I have been baking flawlessly on my old macbook pro running ubuntu many months, but since there was one miss last week, I decided check what was happening. Effectively, virtualbox did not respond and I had to restart ubuntu. Still, I had my last verification yesterday, so things could not be too bad. I run, as usual, nohup ./tezos-node run --rpc-addr 127.0.0.1:8732 & to get the node back online, but I am nothing is happening for almost an hour, that is, ./tezos-client bootstrapped tells me that it cannot connect to the node. In fact, it gives me the following output: "Warning: failed to acquire the protocol version from the node" and "Error: Rpc request failed". The reason seems to be in both cases: "Unable to connect to the node: connection refused" I also checked the system reports, tezos-node is up and running but only consume 2% CPU, so it looks dead to me. Internet is working (Ethernet connection), I am logging into the computer via TeamViewer right now. Finally, I have been checking the lock.mdb and data.mdb files. The lock.mdb file was generated when I restarted the node, but the data.mdb file is not updating, which suggests to me again that I am having connection issues. I could try restarting, but my guess is that I would only end up in the same spot again. Maybe I should try to manually connect to some nodes, but I am not sure about that and which to choose in case. Finally, maybe I am just not understanding the situation at all.
