
Trying to build 9.6. Running this command - rm -rf _opam _build make build-deps eval $(opam env) make I have set every version of rustc from 1.44.0, 1.52, 1.53... nothing works. I have set an override to then later unset it, but nothing. I've also clean installed rust/rustup. Any help would greatly appreciated! <><> Processing actions <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><> ∗ installed base-bigarray.base ∗ installed base-threads.base ∗ installed base-unix.base ∗ installed ocaml-base-compiler.4.10.2 ∗ installed ocaml-config.1 ∗ installed ocaml.4.10.2 Done. /Users/XXX/tezos/scripts//install_build_deps.rust.sh: line 39: override: command not found Wrong Rust version. This is probably because you have used rustup 1.24.3 (ce5817a94 2021-05-31) The Rust toolchain installer USAGE: rustup [FLAGS] [+toolchain] FLAGS: -v, --verbose Enable verbose output -q, --quiet Disable progress output -h, --help Prints help information -V, --version Prints version information ARGS: release channel (e.g. +stable) or custom toolchain to set override SUBCOMMANDS: show Show the active and installed toolchains or profiles update Update Rust toolchains and rustup check Check for updates to Rust toolchains and rustup default Set the default toolchain toolchain Modify or query the installed toolchains target Modify a toolchain's supported targets component Modify a toolchain's installed components override Modify directory toolchain overrides run Run a command with an environment configured for a given toolchain which Display which binary will be run for a given command doc Open the documentation for the current toolchain man View the man page for a given command self Modify the rustup installation set Alter rustup settings completions Generate tab-completion scripts for your shell help Prints this message or the help of the given subcommand(s) DISCUSSION: Rustup installs The Rust Programming Language from the official release channels, enabling you to easily switch between stable, beta, and nightly compilers and keep them updated. It makes cross-compiling simpler with binary builds of the standard library for common platforms. If you are new to Rust consider running `rustup doc --book` to learn Rust. in the past. Run the following command from your favorite shell, and retry to install the dependencies: $ rustup override unset make: *** [build-deps] Error 1 make: dune: No such file or directory make: *** [all] Error 1 ``
