
I managed to manually set up a testnet consisting of 2 nodes on different hosts. The nodes connect, and using tezos-client I can successfully import secret keys ( import secret key bootstrap1 ${BOOTSTRAP1_SECRET} ) and query the node ( rpc get /chains/main/blocks/head/metadata ). However, when I want to activate protocols (I tested Pt24m4xiPbLDhVgVfABUjirbmda3yohdN82Sp9FeuAXJ4eV9otd and ProtoDemoNoopsDemoNoopsDemoNoopsDemoNoopsDemo6XBoYp ), I get an error and my node crashes, stating Invalid_argument: "Json_encoding.construct: consequence of bad union". : I am working on alphanet because I could not inject the required protocol on carthage. My node's config is as follows: *** Update: In the meantime, I was able to inject the protocol on a node when I run it with parameter --sandbox= > . However, in this case, the --sandbox parameter implies that I cannot connect to another node on another host. Running the node without the --sandbox parameter gives the above-described error when injecting the protocol. I also tried to first start the node with the --sandbox command, inject the protocol, and restart it without the --sandbox command. This again works fine for the first node. When I start the second node without --sandbox , it synchronizes with the first node but crashes as soon as I inject the protocol there, again with the Json_encoding error from above. When I start the second node with --sandbox (and therefore separately from node 1), inject the protocol and restart it without --sandbox , it will synchronize with the first node for a few seconds but then hang without any further error message. In case I run a baker on the second node, it will stop saying baker waiting for more endorsements in the mempool I have no idea what is going on there...
